feat: add ability to upload artifact (#19)
ipfs/ipfs-deploy-action: README.md

- 🚀 Uploads CAR file to either Storacha, IPFS Cluster, or Kubo
- 📍 Optional pinning to Pinata
- 💾 Optional CAR file upload to Filebase

> - 📤 Optional CAR file upload as GitHub artifact

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 📤 CAR file attached to Github Action run Summary page
```

| `filebase-access-key`     | Filebase access key                                     | -                                |
| `filebase-secret-key`     | Filebase secret key                                     | -                                |
| `set-github-status`       | Set GitHub commit status and PR comments                | `'true'`                         |

> | `upload-car-artifact`     | Upload the CAR file as a GitHub artifact                | `'true'`                         |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `upload-car-artifact`     | Upload and publish the CAR file on GitHub Action Summary pages                | `'true'`                         |
```
